new resource `azurerm_stack_hci_marketplace_gallery_image` (#27532)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/stack_hci_marketplace_gallery_image.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Azure Stack HCI"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_stack_hci_marketplace_gallery_image"
description: |-

>   Manages a Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Manages an Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image.
```

Author: fixed

---

# azurerm_stack_hci_marketplace_gallery_image

> Manages a Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manages an Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image.
```

Author: fixed

  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  custom_location_id  = "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/rg1/providers/Microsoft.ExtendedLocation/customLocations/cl1"
  hyperv_generation   = "V2"
  os_type             = "Windows"
  version             = "20348.2655.240905"
  identifier {
    publisher = "MicrosoftWindowsServer"
    offer     = "WindowsServer"
    sku       = "2022-datacenter-azure-edition-core"
  }
  tags = {
    foo = "bar"
    env = "example"
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image. Changing this forces a new Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image should exist. Changing this forces a new Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image should exist. Changing this forces a new Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image to be created.

> * `custom_location_id` - (Required) The ID of Custom Location where the Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `custom_location_id` - (Required) The ID of the Custom Location where the Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: fixed

* `hyperv_generation` - (Required) The hypervisor generation of the Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image. Possible values are `V1` and `V2`. Changing this forces a new Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image to be created.

> * `identifier` - (Required) One or more `identifier` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identifier` - (Required) An `identifier` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image to be created.
```

Author: fixed

* `os_type` - (Required) The Operating System type of the Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image. Possible values are `Windows` and `Linux`. Changing this forces a new Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image to be created.

* `version` - (Required) The version of the Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image. Changing this forces a new Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image to be created.

---

* `storage_path_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Azure Stack HCI Storage Path used for this Marketplace Gallery Image. Changing this forces a new Azure Stack HCI Virtual Hard Disk to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Azure Stack HCI Marketplace Gallery Image.

---

> A `identifier` block supports the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `identifier` block supports the following:
```

Author: fixed
